China has taken a major step in this
moment to get around the US hegemony
previously we saw the creation of the AI
I be the direct response of the World
Bank and the IMF now we have yet another
side step in evasion of the Western
forces you came here for the truth so
let me on the other for you today we are
going to look at China we're going to
look at the US and connect that in with
several other issues let's begin China
is expected shortly to launch a crude
oil futures contract priced in yuan and
convertible into gold and what analysts
say could be a game changer for the
industry I do believe that it could be a
game changer you have seen what has
taken place in recent years with the set
up of the AI I be for one now while it
is quite small in comparison to the
World Bank and IMF it does show that it
is important because so many countries
have gotten on board that's key and
what's also important to note is the
currency swaps which have taken place
dozens and dozens of countries have
signed up with China to do a portion of
their trade in their own currencies not
using the US dollar and that threatens
the monopoly the contract could become
the most important Asia based crude oil
benchmark given that china is the
world's biggest oil importer crude oil
is usually priced in relation to these
futures both denominated in u.s. dollars
that's very key to note because all of
the commodities are going to be priced
in u.s. dollars giving the US a monopoly
and so if they start pricing commodities
in another currency all of a sudden they
don't have to convert their currency
into US dollars before buying whatever
it is from another country that is a
huge damage to any reserve currency
which happens to be the u.s. at this
time things are changing they're
changing slowly it's not going to happen
overnight but it is very important to
note so basically what they're saying
here is that China's move will allow
exporters such as Russia and Iran to
circumvent the US sanctions by trading
in you on to further entice the trade
China says the yuan will be fully
convertible into gold on the exchanges
in Shanghai and Hong Kong so this is big
news we'll see what happens exactly it's
not just big news for these three
countries because I'm sure that more
will be getting involved and not just in
Asia it's going to be a worldwide thing
look at what happened with the AIB even
countries like Canada for instance
signing up to that so it's important to
take a look at this and see where it
will go from here there is a chart you
know a pie chart here down below all I
wanted to know from that was the fact
that they received one third of their
crude from Russia so obviously big big
friends with Russia and I'm sure that
that number can increase and probably
will in the future oil futures trading
in China is set to finally start later
this year after several delays providing
one of the world's top consumers with a
bigger say in Asian oil pricing not to
mention it an entry into a trade that's
worth trillions of dollars daily so
let's quickly cover this I don't want to
spend too much time on it the
international energy exchange based in
Shanghai where the contracts will trade
said that it is at the moment working on
the finalization of some of the
technical issues
this comes after years of delay so here
we are at the precipice of something new
in the commodities world in that
hegemony that the US has there's more in
here essentially what I'm seeing is that
China is finally finding ways to do away
with the US dollar they've been talking
about it forever but now there
finally setting up the infrastructure to
do so that will not once again say it
again but there's always going to be
comments in the box below but anyway
it's going to it's going to be a thing
that will take some time okay let's move
on
stocks are priced in twice the rate of
the growth of the EPS earnings per share
think about this right here the
cumulative the dotted line is a
cumulative percentage growth of the S&P
500 and you can see basically it's
really shot upwards however look at this
dipping down significantly before rising
up I think that what we are seeing here
is that companies first of all number
one only a select handful of companies
are actually doing well many of them are
either stagnant or still are really in a
depressed phase okay so these few
companies their earnings per share have
risen and I think that those few select
few companies like the fang stocks like
you know there there's a few out there
particularly fang stocks that have done
extremely well all because of you know
central bank printing money buying them
at the same time their PE ratios and all
the statistics around them are just
simply completely out of whack these
companies don't earn money a lot of them
yet their stocks continue to rise
and I believe if I'm not mistaken memory
serves correctly Netflix being one of
them where you have a company that may
be bleeding out but it doesn't matter as
long as the stocks rising more money
will flow in
and we can continue to laugh at this
funny joke SMP 500 change in the
earnings per share versus the change in
price so this right here it's too short
of a graph to show you but this is q3
and you'll see it moving up to some
degree anyway whereas the earnings per
share right here on a decline you know
when we look at any of these statistics
I don't like to put too much weight into
them but I'm just noting that what we
have in the stock market it's so frail
it's so fragile and yes they can print
money they can keep the stock market
alive to some degree but eventually it
has to become a problem for all all of
these other companies out there that are
not doing well it's just a few select
few that are doing okay
if the those and central bankers were
smarter they would print more money and
give it to the other companies as well
that's the only way that this can be
solved as crazy it is I mean we're going
towards worthless confetti so you might
as well go out in a big bang don't try
to delay it okay now they're not the
only country to do so but Austria has in
congratulations by the way
set the sales of a hundred year bond Wow
the 100 year bond what foolish design of
that that we can have in this world I
mean what a joke what a joke
the bond is terrible as it is but you're
going to buy a bond that matures after
100 years does anybody wait for these to
make it to maturity anyway I just
thought it was it's this is funny this
is the humor hour right here in the the
funny GPS
all right JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon says
bitcoin is a fraud that will have then
truly blow up it's worse than tulips
won't end well someone's going to get
killed
bitcoin fell right after he said this no
of course it's something that the market
will certainly recover from but he
actually said he would fire anybody that
wood was trading it
that's how critical he is ovens and I
think this is great news for Bitcoin
actually because we don't want the
bankers to like it that's just a you
know I really dislike when ever a
banking establishment is somehow
positive towards Bitcoin towards
cryptocurrencies towards the blockchain
it's not good it is not good news you
want them to stay away you want them to
say huh you know this is funny this
little toy that's what you want if
you're in the Bitcoin that's what you
want you don't want the adoption by the
financial companies to put their
billions of dollars in you want it to be
slow and organic and underground so
we'll see what happens
oh and by the way he said his daughter
bought Bitcoin and she thinks is she's a
genius now which is real by the way if
you haven't read that all I wanted to
mention was put this one here the San
Francisco Employee Retirement System so
we're looking at pensions here it's
facing mounting pressure to unload it's
roughly four hundred seventy million
dollars worth of investments in the
fossil fuel industry I really don't like
any institution government corporation
individuals anything to pressure anybody
else or any other group or anything to
do a certain something you may not agree
with the fossil fuel industry to me it
doesn't matter I just find it very funny
that there are establishments out there
that
do a lot worse than what's happening
here
and yet this gets the blame this gets
targeted there there could be a lot of
better investments than this I'm not
even saying that this is a good
investment I'm just saying that whatever
the agenda is and the advancement of
let's call it you know I have to watch
my words these days but the technocratic
elite and and they're dealing and
everything else the advancement the
advancement of that agenda must be
continued the media must be going along
with it and people involved in the
matter all the way top to bottom they
have to be complicit in in some way in
their own you know compartmentalization
type of world that we live in so any
time I read something I'm always
thinking about that compartmentalized
view of this article here under the San
Francisco Chronicle they have to mention
that and the institutions on either side
of this have to remain within their own
compartmentalization and so I have to
figure how do I look at this piece of
information how do I look at any piece
of information and it's with a real
critical view and I take it for what it
is and this article you know it's not
even significant to be honest I just the
way that I look at this the way that I
look at investments the way that I look
at when you see some of these people out
there are they being paid or are they
part of the agenda itself to say what
they're saying and too often I believe
that they are they're either working on
the inside or simply being paid to do so
we saw that with the whole Glaxo issue a
few years ago where they
many many people in the medical
establishment on their payroll to be
spokesman for them and that came out
three billion dollar suit afterwards
probably still a drop in the bucket for
them but it was a known fact so I'll
leave it up there
I know I've ranted a bit here today I
hope that you found that informative if
you did please give me a thumbs up
please subscribe to the videos as well
it's very important that you subscribe
to the videos to catch them all there's
a little subscribe button below and then
you'll see a little bell beside that if
you hit that Bell it ensures that you
are getting notified of every single
video that I post so please do so I
really appreciate everybody on here it's
such a great great great group of people
thank you all and last but not least if
you found the video informative I know
you'll find my books the money GPS and
my new release global economic collapse
even more informative the first book is
about the four asset classes and how to
profit from them whereas the newer book
takes on familiar concepts but I get
into reducing your monthly expenses
becoming self-sufficient and quite a bit
of tax incentives earning income
everything else check that out at Amazon
links are in the description below
take care